Overview:

The Sorry! board game is centered around players
moving small game pieces called "pawns" out of
their personal starting zone, around the board,
and into their personal ending zone. When all of
a player's pawns reach their ending zone
corresponding to their color, that player wins.
The different players are denoted by color, and
pawns of different colors may knock opposing
pawns back to their starting zone by landing on
their same square. Pawns may also slide across
squares if they fall on a particular square.
Pawns of the same color may not occupy the same
space unless the space is the starting zone or
ending zone.

How to Play:

When it is your turn to move, simply click on the
appropriate button to draw a card from the deck.
This button will be located to the right of the
screen and will be labeled appropriately.

After drawing a card in this way, read the text
instructions for the card drawn, click on one
of your pawns which you would like to move, and
then click on the area of the board which you
would like to move the pawn to, paying attention
to the rules of the drawn card.

Computer opponent players will move automatically
after you conduct your move. After all computer
players have moved, it is your turn to move
again.